In your collection, you can use
the preset filters at the top to
show all videos. Show only
videos that contain exact
duplicates, videos that contain
related content, or unique files
that do not have matches in the
database.
When you're exploring the
videos, you can click individual
thumbnails to un-blur them. Or
you can toggle blurring on or
off for all videos at once with
the switch above the search bar.
This is useful for reducing
secondary trauma when reviewing
sensitive content.
Each video thumbnail has
additional details underneath
it, including how many related
videos it has. You can click on
the Details to open up the
video. You can watch this video
and scrub through it by clicking
on the main image.
Utilizing scene detection there
are video summary thumbnails
below, allowing you to quickly
scrub through the content. You
can either blur and reveal
specific ones by clicking on
them or toggle blurring for all
scenes from the button above.
You can quickly jump to a scene
by clicking on the thumbnail. On
the right hand side you'll see
some high level video
information. Click on the
Metadata tab to see any metadata
collected from the file.
You can also look for specific
metadata with the search bar at
the top. To look at similar
content, select the match
content tab at the top of the
page. This will show you all
other files sorted by their
similarity. The first result we
have is an exact match meaning
that when you play them side by
side, you can see that they're
the exact same video.
You also have the scene summary
as well as video information and
metadata side by side for
comparison. Return to the
matches by clicking the back
arrow at the top. Now if you
select a similar but not exact
match, you can see that it's a
very similar video but squashed.
There's maybe some additional
compression and it's also a
different size. It's similar
enough to be identified as a
match but not an exact
As an alternative to
scene-by-scene comparisons, you
duplicate.
can also view an overall match
structure by clicking on the
cluster tab up top. Here you
will find a network
visualisation of related
content. The black dot
represents the parent video that
you first started with. All
orange dots are related content
that are as far away as they are
related from the parent content.
More exact duplicates are very
close versus ones that might be
a couple of jumps away. A child
of a matching video might be
further away. You can explore
distances between the videos as
well as clicking in to explore a
distant match.
Here we see a video that is a
similar scene in the movie, but
it's taped with a shaky handheld
camera. This allows you to step
back and find less similar but
still related content and
explore matches more deeply.